Fail fast if codeql repo is missing from the workspace (#1400)
github/vscode-codeql: CONTRIBUTING.md

### Running the integration tests

You will need to run CLI tests using a task from inside of VS Code called _Launch Integration Tests - With CLI_.

The CLI integration tests require the CodeQL standard libraries in order to run so you will need to clone a local copy of the `github/codeql` repository.

> You will then need to go to `launch.json` and uncomment the `"${workspaceRoot}/../codeql"` line and then run the task.
> 
> From inside of VSCode, open the `launch.json` file and in the _Launch Integration Tests - With CLI_ uncomment the `"${workspaceRoot}/../codeql"` line and then run the task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From inside of VSCode, open the `launch.json` file and in the _Launch Integration Tests - With CLI_ task, uncomment the `"${workspaceRoot}/../codeql"` line. If necessary, replace value with a path to your checkout, and then run the task.
```

Author: I've merged this 👍
